# ❗❗❗ This project has been abandoned ❌
ℹ 
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this proposal is to solve the problem of career orientation for high school students in Vietnam. When there is too little reliable information, too much chaos, and a lack of environment to experience, career guidance has inevitably become a concern for pupils. As a result, we provide the solution of a career website with complete objective, concise, and accurate information; an exchange environment between high school and university students; and a game model that simulates future employment to help you get the clearest picture of your future major.
1.	WHAT IS THE PROBLEM OF THE MARKET?

Because high school students represent the nation's future human resources, the current vocational education system is not just an issue for the education sector but also for the entire society. It will play a significant role in determining the socioeconomic future. 

Currently, high school students choose a career primarily based on objective and subjective reasons, but they are unsure if their skills are adequate for the chosen career. Students pick the wrong major for a variety of subjective and objective reasons, including picking the incorrect career or sector. As a result, a large number of young people struggle to find employment after graduation, wasting both social training resources and human capital. There are some other typical student issues when it comes to choosing a career.

The first problem is that students lack self-understanding. Many young people have little to no understanding of their abilities, values, character, and strengths. These are the crucial elements to take into account when choosing a career. As a result, individuals exclusively select employment depending on their ability to pay. Another problem is that students are not aware of the job market. Although the job market is constantly evolving, young people have little to no awareness of it. When students lack knowledge about the labor market, they will select any job in the hopes of finding employment and earning a living. There is also an issue that influences students' career orientations when students lack soft skills, a defined professional path, and work experience. Students don't know much about their majors. There are numerous distinct levels and styles of training, each with its curriculum. The ability of students to comprehend these programs will aid them in making career options starting in the middle years.

Additionally, using inaccurate reference data sources without exercising caution might be disruptive. It may cause a lot of material to be incorrect or redundant, messing up the pupils' information source. Besides, students make professional decisions based on fads and friends. Students sometimes choose the "hot" professions in the market or follow their friends when they lack self-awareness about what they desire and lack knowledge of the job market.

A mentor and a wide range of networking will be extremely essential for students to have the opportunity to interact with experts and acquire insights into each employment. Students urgently need career counselors. They need experts to assist them in navigating their professions, and to help them navigate their evolving jobs in the twenty-first century. Unfortunately, there aren't many specialists who can help students launch their professional careers. Poor career choices made by students may affect their future employment and increase the unemployment rate.

At last, there are a lot of students who decide on career and education paths by personal preference. To get into the school, they desire, students who have a strong passion for it to sign up for all majors or just one at random. Many students may experience depression while in school as a result of selecting the incorrect major, abandoning their studies, and wasting their time, effort, and money.

2.	BUSINESS MODEL AND PROBLEM-SOLVING: 

1.	Business Model: 
Our business model is geared towards providing information, collected data, and content. Specifically, this is a platform that allows content writers to publish articles on industry information, user comments, reviews, and a lot of content around the issue of providing career-oriented information to students.

The value proposition is to provide convenient, user-friendly online access to various relevant content types. Information sources are accessed in a variety of ways, thereby creating value to help parents and students gain information about their future majors.
Information flow is mainly based on experience and practical experience. However, problems will arise if the content of the article is too subjective, so many people commenting and commenting will minimize understanding to ensure the authenticity of the article.
Providing a free service will ensure a steady flow of visitors to our website, but will be limited in terms of access to extra features such as games and 1-to-1 consultations, etc.

2.	Problem Solving: 
To solve these problems, our solution provides an accurate source of information to users, while providing an environment to help users experience and visualize their industry. Therefore, we created a website containing the following elements to improve the user experience: personality tests; a deep and precise assessment of schools and majors; and a job-related simulation game.

When new users visit the site, they will be asked to log in by email or Facebook to save their career progression. Users will then be profiled using world-renowned tests and presented with a composite of occupations that match their trends. Users are given a list of top national universities based on those occupations. Users can learn more about a school by clicking on it, thanks to the school and the students studying there. The website also develops group conversations focused on specific industries so students with related interests can interact and exchange ideas. To experience that industry most realistically and comprehensively, users can participate in a video game to experience directly in professional companies.

The personality test is the initial element of our website. We will use the world's most well-known and reputable personality tests (MBTI, DISC, MAPP, etc.) to allow students to freely learn about their personalities in different areas of these tests. The unique feature is that after finishing all of the exams, the user will obtain the combined results of the tests mentioned above. The result will be a summary of the strengths and weaknesses in each of the several areas the test examines, allowing users to fully understand the strengths and weaknesses in each several areas, allowing users to understand themselves fully. For the audience of Vietnamese students, these tests will be presented in 100% Vietnamese and the result is completely free. 

Our next feature will take a look at schools and majors for students. Following the completion of the exam, the website will automatically recommend a few relevant majors depending on the user's results. Continue to click on the proposed major, and users will be given additional information about the industry, such as what sub-sectors exist, career prospects, and so on, before being referred to a few colleges that provide proper training for that industry group. Users will be able to read trustworthy reviews from current students about the tuition fees, facilities, and training quality, giving them a realistic image of the school and their future major. Furthermore, after finishing the test results and learning about the industry group, users may join chat groups of individuals in the same industry, exchanging information and meeting new connections. Our website will propose a few appropriate courses here so that groups of users may learn together.

We call it “Workspace” because it is a game simulation platform for users to experience the career they are interested in and directly work in a professional environment with an income burden. The game's main interface is a scaled-down metropolis, where young people's ideas and possibilities are unrestricted. Companies, corporations, and agencies from many industries are constructed in this region on a large scale. Users can select a job for themselves based on their interests, whether they want to be a doctor working in a public hospital, a teacher lecturing in a specialized school, or an entrepreneur who started his own business. During your career, you will be able to perform tasks directly related to your industry, listen to advice from colleagues and superiors and have the opportunity to be promoted. 

(Premium)

3.	HOW OUR SOLUTION IS DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS? 

Recognizing the significance of career guidance, many websites in Vietnam have been created to help students, for example: “Huongnghieptuyensinh”, “Novaedu” and “Edu2Review”. 

“Huongnghieptuyensinh” has established itself as a trustworthy career advice website for parents and students. However, this website only serves as a search engine, helping students in finding acceptable institutions and majors based on their available data. Furthermore, there is only one career exam on the internet, thus there is no comprehensive, complete, and total assessment of the student's personality. Novaedu is another viral website in the career guidance industry. This website, in contrast to Huongnghieptuyensinh, focuses on personality assessments to help students. However, the site has not yet combined the test results into a wholly oriented version; instead, users must pay a nominal fee (20,000VND) for each test result. Although these payments are minor, they might be annoying for customers since they will have to pay many times without knowing the quality of the information they would receive. Unlike the previous two websites, “Edu2Review” is more concerned with the practicality of selecting schools and majors. This website has complete information on schools, disciplines, and tuition prices in Vietnam; also, users can browse actual reviews about the school from students who have been and are now enrolled at the school. The best part is that this website is entirely free. Because it is a review website, it requires users to know specific things about themselves to identify the best major for them.

Therefore, we are aware that these websites may not offer students and parents the most convenient experience or comprehensive content. For instance, Huongnghieptuyensinh and Edu2Review, two of the most trustworthy and educational websites, are solely intended for users who are already well-versed in their interests, trends, and professions. They do not handle the first fundamental phase, which is identifying the interests and skills of the students; instead, they just offer honest evaluations from the students themselves. On the other hand, Novaedu, an extensive website in cooperation with Vietnam's Ministry of Education and Training, includes a full range of personality tests, and guidance on choosing a major and school, but most of the features require a fee to experience.

Intending to address the issues of these websites, we established a career website that incorporates well-known personality tests, automatically summarizing user traits and providing a list of careers that are a good fit for them. After that, the undergraduates will conduct a fair, unbiased, and thorough examination of the top universities and colleges that teach the proposed vocations. Additionally, students can take part in an online game in which they assume the role of an employee working for a reputable company to broaden their experience and practical knowledge of that industry. The efficiency of the career coaching program is ensured while this element fosters user interest and loyalty to the website. Furthermore, we provide premium accounts to customers so they may access more individualized features like one-on-one interviews with successful students and professional specialists. In contrast to Novaedu, we prioritize users’ convenience when processing payments, thus the premium account will only require a single payment and will be active for 18 months after activation.

3.	RISKS AND SOLUTIONS: 

The initiative will face operational, financial, and competitive risks. We have examined and uncovered several dangers after giving due consideration to market and human aspects, such as:

1.	About financial risk:

In Viet Nam, consumer psychology of Vietnamese people prefer to use free services; therefore, consumers won't be able to access services that charge a fee easily. It is challenging to persuade them to purchase premium packages. We aim to concentrate on high-end product quality to provide the finest experience for users to partially address the issue. We want to make them feel valued when they choose to utilize the product and pay for it. Furthermore, the project needs a variety of components, including people, technology, and a network of relationships. Consequently, the project's operational expenses will be enormous. To optimize capital and avoid overloading, we aim to develop data and finished products that are specific to a particular career and expand the scope over time.

1.	About operational risk:

There is always a need for information to be updated as fast and precisely as possible, particularly in highly creative and dynamic careers that develop over time. It makes things challenging to track and update in time. Moreover, the project needs human resources in a variety of industries, from reputable companies. It is difficult for the project to find and maintain a network.
Another complicated issue is the risk of customer ìnormation security. Personal information about customers, like name, age, exchange content, etc., can be hacked. This has an impact on users as well as the project's reputation and creates problems in the legal system. (Giải pháp nữa)

2.	About competitor risk:

A service charge case will have to directly confront non-governmental organizations, and non-profit organizations are now very popular on social networking platforms. Some typical names such as YOUTH+, Company Insider,... are very popular youth job orientation and connection platforms that frequently offer free and useful knowledge. To make uniqueness that draws customers, instead of providing basic knowledge about the same groups of disciplines at universities, it is necessary to create products and solutions that provide detailed and up-to-date information about each industry and create excitement for users by providing them with realistic simulation experience through the game, customized personality and aptitude tests for each user which makes difference in competing with other competitors. 
